Where is retail store located in Brisbane?,Retail in the CBD is centred around the Queen Street Mall
Hello,Hi!
Hi,"Hello, how are you?"
How are you?,I'm doing great thanks. You can ask me about Brisbane city!
I'm doing great thanks,That's wonderful. You can ask me about Brisbane city!
Nice to meet you,Nice to meet you too. You can ask me about Brisbane city!
What modes of transportation are available in Brisbane?,"Public transportations available are buses, rails, and ferries."
How do you pay for the public transportations in Brisbane?,TransLink provides a unified ticketing and electronic payment system (known as 'go card') for South East Queensland. 
Are there lots of private cars  in Brisbane?,"Like all Australian cities, the most popular mode of transport is private car."
Does Brisbane have motorways?,Brisbane is served by a large network of urban and inter-urban motorways.
Are there tunnelways in Brisbane?,"Brisbane also has a large network of major road tunnels under the metropolitan area, they are the three longest road tunnels in Australia."
Is rail service in Brisbane wide?,The Queensland Rail City network consists of 152 train stations along 13 suburban rail lines and across the metropolitan area.
Are there lots of passengers using the railway service in Brisbane?,55 million passenger trips were taken across the network in 2018–19
Are there new or upcoming railway projects in Brisbane?,The Cross River Rail project includes a twin rail tunnel (5.9 kilometres (3.7 mi) long) which will pass under the Brisbane River to link two new railway stations at Albert Street in the CBD and Wooloongabba is under construction and scheduled to be completed in 2024.
Hos is bus service in Brisbane?,"Brisbane has a large dedicated bus rapid transit network, the Brisbane busway network. "
Where is the scope of bus services in Brisbane?,"The main network hubs are the King George Square, Queen Street, and Roma Street busway stations. There are also numerous suburban bus routes operating throughout the metropolitan area, including the high-frequency Blue and Maroon CityGlider routes which run between Newstead and West End (Blue), and Ashgrove and Stones Corner (Maroon) respectively."
Who is the  provider of ferry services in Brisbane?,"Transdev Brisbane Ferries operates three ferry services along the Brisbane River, CityCat, CityFerry and CityHopper."
Is there any free ferry servive in Brisbane?,"The free CityHopper service operates smaller vessels along a route between North Quay and Sydney Street, stopping at South Bank, Maritime Museum, Thornton Street, Eagle Street Pier, Holman Street and Dockside."
Are there dedicated patk for pedestrians and cyclists in Brisbane?,An extensive network of pedestrian and cyclist pathways span the banks of the Brisbane River in the inner suburbs to form the Riverwalk network.
Is there an airport in Brisbane?,Brisbane Airport (IATA code: BNE) is the city's main airport.
Is Brisbane Airport busy?,Brisbane Airport is the third busiest in Australia after Sydney Airport and Melbourne Airport.
What are the airline hubs are there in Brisbane Airport?,"The airport is an airline hub for Qantas, Virgin Australia and Jetstar as well as a number of minor and freight airlines."
Where are the Kangaroo Point Cliffs?,Between South Brisbane and Kangaroo Point.
Where you can find the most popular swimming and surfing beaches?,Immediately to the south and north of Brisbane are the Gold Coast and Sunshine Coast respectively
How is the structure of the local government area?,"There's an elected mayor (including the Lord Mayor of Brisbane), as well as a council composed of councillors representing geographical wards. City Hall is the seat of the Brisbane City Council, the governing corporation of the City of Brisbane LGA, and the bulk of its executive offices are located at the Brisbane Square skyscraper"
Where are located the Queensland courts?,"At Queen Elizabeth II Courts of Law in George Street, while the Magistrates court is located at the adjacent Brisbane Magistrates Court building."
Has Brisbane got prisons?,"Yes. Brisbane's largest prisons and correctional facilities, the Brisbane Correctional Centre, Brisbane Women's Correctional Centre, Arthur Gorrie Correctional Centre and Wolston Correctional Centre are located at Wacol, while the city's main historical prison, the Boggo Road Gaol, is now a museum"
How is the Queensland Performing Arts Centre composed?,"It consists of the Lyric Theatre, the Concert Hall, the Cremorne Theatre and the Playhouse Theatre and is home to the Queensland Ballet, Opera Queensland, the Queensland Theatre Company, and the Queensland Symphony Orchestra. "
Is there any arena in Brisbane?,"Yes. The Brisbane Entertainment Centre at Boondall is an arena which hosts many musical concerts, with some of the largest being held at Lang Park."
What is Ekka in Brisbane?,"The Royal Queensland Exhibition (known locally as the Ekka), an agricultural exhibition held each August at the Brisbane Showgrounds in Bowen Hills is the longest-running major annual event held in Brisbane, during which there is a public holiday for each local government area across Brisbane so as to enable widespread public attendance."
How many visitors attend the Buddha Birth Day festival ?,"It attracts over 200,000 visitors each year, and it is at South Bank parklands"
When is the Brisbane International Film Festival (BIFF) held?,Ever July/August in a variety of venues around Brisbane.
What is that film festival about? ,BIFF features new films and retrospectives by domestic and international filmmakers along with seminars and awards.
Which are the cricket teams from Brisbane?,Brisbane Heat and the Queensland Bulls
Which are the largest golf courses in Brisbane?,"Indooroopilly Golf Club at Indooroopilly, Queensland, the Brookwater Golf and Country Club at Brookwater, the Keperra Country Golf Club at Keperra and the Royal Queensland Golf Club at Eagle Farm."
Which are the Australian Aboriginal languages from this Queensland area?,"Jagara (also known as Turrbal, Jagera, Yagara, and Yuggera) and Yugarabul are Australian Aboriginal languages of South-East Queensland"
What was going on during the 18th century around Brisbane?,"Matthew Flinders initially explored the Moreton Bay area on behalf of[citation needed] European colonisers. On 1799, Flinders landed at present-day Woody Point, which he named ""Red Cliff Point"" after the red-coloured cliffs visible from the bay."
What happened in the 19th century around the area?,"In 1823 the Governor of New South Wales, Sir Thomas Brisbane, gave instructions for the development of a new northern penal settlement be developed, and an exploration party led by John Oxley further explored Moreton Bay[33] in November 1823."
What did it happen in Brisbane in 1974?,"The 1974 Brisbane flood was a major disaster which temporarily crippled the city. During this era, Brisbane grew and modernised, rapidly becoming a destination of interstate migration"
What did the PremierJoh Bjelke-Petersen do while ruling the state?,"Between 1968 and 1987, when Queensland was governed by Premier Joh Bjelke-Petersen, whose government was characterised by strong social conservatism and the use of police force against demonstrators, and which ended with the Fitzgerald Inquiry into police corruption, Brisbane developed a counterculture focussed on the University of Queensland, street marches and Brisbane punk rock music."
When was the last big flood?,"After three decades of record population growth, Brisbane was hit again by a major flood in January 2011. The Brisbane River did not reach the same height as the previous 1974 flood, but still caused extensive damage and disruption to the city."
Which infrastructure has been developed in the 21st century in Brisbane?,"Howard Smith Wharves, Roma Street Parklands, Queens Wharf, the Brisbane Riverwalk, the Queen's Wharf casino and resort precinct, the Brisbane International Cruise Terminal, the Clem Jones, Airport Link, and Legacy Way road tunnels, and the Airport, Springfield, Redcliffe Peninsula and Cross River Rail railway lines have been completed or are under construction."
How is the weather in Brisbane?,"Brisbane has a humid subtropical climate with hot, wet summers and moderately dry, moderately warm winters."
"In average, which are the minimum and maximum temperatures?","Brisbane experiences an annual mean minimum of 16.6 °C (62 °F) and mean maximum of 26.6 °C (80 °F), making it Australia's second-hottest capital city after Darwin."
Which is the size of Brisbane city?,"The Brisbane central business district (CBD, colloquially referred to as 'the city') lies in a curve of the Brisbane river. The CBD covers 2.2 km2 (0.8 sq mi) and is walkable."
Which are the main streets in Brisbane?,"Queen Street (named in honour of Queen Victoria) is Brisbane's traditional main street and contains its largest pedestrian mall, the Queen Street Mall. Streets named after female members (Adelaide, Alice, Ann, Charlotte, Elizabeth, Margaret, and Mary) run parallel to Queen Street and perpendicular to streets named after male members (Albert, Edward, George, and William)."
Which are the squares in Brisbane city?,"King George Square, Post Office Square and ANZAC Square"
How many bridges cross the Brisbane River?,There are 15 bridges across the river
Are there National Parks close to Brisbane?,There are many national parks surrounding the Brisbane metropolitan area. The D'Aguilar National Park is a major national park along the northwest of the metropolitan area in the D'Aguilar Range. The Glass House Mountains National Park is located to the north of the metropolitan area in the Glass House Mountains and provides green space between the Brisbane metropolitan area and the Sunshine Coast. The Tamborine National Park at Tamborine Mountain is located in the Gold Coast hinterland to the south of the metropolitan area.
How does Queenslander architecture look like?,"Queenslander homes typically feature timber construction with large verandahs, gabled corrugated iron roofs, high ceilings. Most of these houses are elevated on stumps (also called ""stilts""), traditionally built of timber, which allow for a void under the houses which aid in cooling."
Which is the tallest building in Brisbane?,"Currently the tallest building in Brisbane is Brisbane Skytower, which has a height of 270 metres."
How many people lives in Brisbane?,"The population in Brisbane is 2,514,184 as of June 2019, making it the third largest city in Australia."
"In terms of immigration, which are the most common ancestries?","At the 2016 census, the most commonly nominated ancestries were: English (39.7%) Australian (34.6%)[N 3]Irish (13.2%)Scottish (11%)German (6.4%)Chinese (4.7%)Italian (2.8%)Indian (2.6%)Indigenous (2.4%)[N 4]Dutch (1.7%)New Zealander (1.7%)Maori (1.5%)Filipino (1.3%)Vietnamese (1.2%)Samoan (1.1%)"
How many radio stations Brisbane has?,"Brisbane is serviced by five major public radio stations including major commercial radio stations, including 612 ABC Brisbane (local news, current affairs and talk); ABC Radio National (national news and current affairs); ABC NewsRadio (national news); ABC Classic FM (classical music); Triple J (alternative music); and SBS Radio (multicultural broadcasting)."
How many public hospitals are in Brisbane? ,there are eight major public hospitals